add / update glossary definitions (#766)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/partials/_glossary-partial.md

<p>Current Arbitrum tech stack; runs a fork of <a href="/intro/glossary#geth">Geth</a> and uses WebAssembly as its underlying VM for fraud proofs.</p>

### Arbitrum Nova {#arbitrum-nova}
<p>The first <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-anytrust-chain">Arbitrum AnyTrust Chain</a> running on Ethereum mainnet. Introduces cheaper transactions; great for gaming and social use-cases. Implements the <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-anytrust-protocol">Arbitrum AnyTrust Protocol</a>, not the <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-rollup-protocol">Arbitrum Rollup Protocol</a> protocol. Governed by the <a href="https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/gentle-intro-dao-governance">Arbitrum DAO</a>.</p>

### Arbitrum One {#arbitrum-one}

> <p>The first <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-rollup-chain">Arbitrum Rollup Chain</a> running on Ethereum mainnet. Great for decentralized finance and other use-cases that demand strong security guaruntees. Governed by the <a href="https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/gentle-intro-dao-governance">Arbitrum DAO</a>.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>The first <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-rollup-chain">Arbitrum Rollup Chain</a> running on Ethereum mainnet. Great for decentralized finance and other use-cases that demand strong security guarantees. Governed by the <a href="https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/gentle-intro-dao-governance">Arbitrum DAO</a>.</p>
```

### Blockchain {#blockchain}
<p>A distributed digital ledger that is used to record transactions and store data in a secure, transparent, and tamper-resistant way, notably in cryptocurrency protocols. </p>

### BLS Signature {#bls-signature}
<p>A cryptographic scheme that allows multiple signatures to be aggregated and compacted into one efficiently verifiable, constant-sized signature. Used in the <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-anytrust-protocol">Arbitrum AnyTrust Protocol</a> for the <a href="/intro/glossary#data-availability-committee-dac">Data Availability Committee (DAC)</a>'s signatures.</p>

### BOLD {#bold}
<p>Short for "Bounded Liquidity Delay"; latest version of the Arbitrum <a href="/intro/glossary#challenge-protocol">Challenge protocol</a> designed to eliminate <a href="https://medium.com/offchainlabs/solutions-to-delay-attacks-on-rollups-434f9d05a07a">delay attack vectors</a> (see <a href="https://medium.com/offchainlabs/bold-permissionless-validation-for-arbitrum-chains-9934eb5328cc">here</a> for more). Not currently on mainnet. </p>

### Bridge {#bridge}

> <p>A set of smart contracts for sending <a href="/intro/glossary#crosschain-message">Cross-chain message</a>s between blockchains. Every <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-chain">Arbitrum chain</a> includes a bridge to/from its <a href="/intro/glossary#parent-chain">Parent chain</a>.  </p>

Author: given the way we do cross refs in notion, I'm actually not sure how to directly alter the display text 🤷

> <p>A set of smart contracts for sending <a href="/intro/glossary#crosschain-message">Cross-chain message</a>s between blockchains. Every <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-chain">Arbitrum chain</a> includes a bridge to/from its <a href="/intro/glossary#parent-chain">Parent chain</a>.  </p>

Reviewer: Oh, right. I always forget the limitations of Notion 🙈

### 🧢 CAP Finance {#cap-finance}
<p>Widely considered the most degen community on Arbitrum.<br />
<br />
<a href="https://cap.io/">CAP</a> is a decentralized trading protocol. It's designed to be fast and easy to use by anyone.</p>

### Chain Owner {#chain-owner}

> <p>An entity (i.e., a smart contract) with affordance to carry out critical upgrades to an Arbitrum chain's core protocol; this includes upgrading protocol contracts, setting core system parameters, and adding & removing other chain owners.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>An entity (i.e., a smart contract) with affordance to carry out critical upgrades to an Arbitrum chain's core protocol; this includes upgrading protocol contracts, setting core system parameters, and adding and removing other chain owners.</p>
```

Should we change the symbol for the word? Not sure if we have a pattern for that or not, but flagging just in case.

Reviewer 2: @TucksonDev [the style guide says yes](https://docs.arbitrum.io/for-devs/contribute#style-conventions) :)

### Delayed Inbox {#delayed-inbox}
<p>A contract that holds <a href="/intro/glossary#parent-chain">Parent chain</a> initiated messages to be eventually included in the <a href="/intro/glossary#fast-inbox">Fast Inbox</a>. Inclusion of messages doesn't depend on the <a href="/intro/glossary#sequencer">Sequencer</a>.</p>

### Dev-Tools Dashboard {#devtools-dashboard}

> <p>Web application built and maintained by <a href="/intro/glossary#offchain-labs">Offchain Labs</a> for developers and users to debug Arbitrum transactions; i.e., executing or checking the status of <a href="/intro/glossary#crosschain-message">Cross-chain message</a>s; visit it <a href="https://retryable-tx-panel-nitro.arbitrum.io/">here</a>.   </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>Web application built and maintained by <a href="/intro/glossary#offchain-labs">Offchain Labs</a> for developers and users to debug Arbitrum transactions; i.e., executing or checking the status of <a href="/intro/glossary#crosschain-message">Cross-chain messages</a>; visit it <a href="https://retryable-dashboard.arbitrum.io/">here</a>.   </p>
```

Same as above for the 's'. 
As per the URL, I think the canonical one is a bit different and doesn't have the "-nitro" part in it.

### Layer 3 (L3) {#layer-3-l3}
<p>An Arbitrum chain whose core contract reside on an  Arbitrum <a href="/intro/glossary#layer-2-l2">Layer 2 (L2)</a> chain.</p>

### Native Fee Token {#native-fee-token}

> <p>An ERC20 token used as the native currency for gas fees on an <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-chain">Arbitrum chain</a> (i.e., as opposed to using Ether). <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-orbit">Arbitrum Orbit</a> introduced the option for chains to the use native fee tokens. </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>An ERC-20 token used as the native currency for gas fees on an <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-chain">Arbitrum chain</a> (i.e., as opposed to using Ether). <a href="/intro/glossary#arbitrum-orbit">Arbitrum Orbit</a> introduced the option for chains to use native fee tokens. </p>
```

> ### Underlying Chain {#underlying-chain}

Reviewer: For some reason this definition got duplicated
